The Joe Rogan experience.
My dad has a lot of salmon. He's big in the salmon. Yeah.
We'd dad's like a hundred years old. Just doing.
Great then 91 91.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. How bad as is he? He's born on Memorial day. Bad.
I know he, you know, he almost, oh my gosh, this is a crazy story.
I don't know if you know this story,
but he was about two seconds from being deployed to the Korean
war.
And he was in a plane crash off San
Francisco when he was 21 years old. Wow. He was,
he was in the army and he was doing a flight somewhere.
He'd done some like a training flight or something. They said, oh, you know,
hop on this thing. And uh, he said, okay, cool, last minute, I'll go do it.
He was in a plane crash. The crash landed in Sanford,
outside of San Francisco bay.
And because he ultimately ended up there,
I think one person died him, him in the pilot or co-pilot,
I can't remember had to swim to shore like at night. Geez.
Over two miles. I want to say something crazy. And you know,
there's tons of sharks, tons of out there, San Francisco. And, um,
this was, you know, 1950. So at the time my grandmother,
uh, they,
they had told him that they had told my grandmother that he had gone down in a
plane crash. I thought he thought they, uh,
she thought he was dead and there was no cell phones. There was no social media.
There's no anything. It took a week for him.
By the time he got back and got back to the thing,
to be able to call her after, I don't think I made it to go to the hospital.
I can't remember, um, for him to be able to call his mother and say, Hey,
I'm alive. Wow.
And that is what kept him from going to the Korean war because he was supposed
to be deployed. But because he was in this plane crash,
he had to stay and testify and do the whole do this whole thing.
And they had just deployed without him. Wow.
Isn't it crazy how one moment in time can change the whole course of someone's
life.
Yeah. In a moment that's completely out of your control.
There's there's these weird,
like sort of pathways that you come to in life gateways
and you go left and you're okay. You go right. And the trip ends it trips over.
Yeah. My.
Dad was born in 1930. That's.
Great. Before the war, before world war II. That's crazy.
Which is nuts. What is it like talking to him? Was it first of all?
What is it like being Clint, Eastwood son,
and also being a movie star yourself. That's gotta be weird.
It's well, it look, I'm, I'm stumbling through it.
Just like anyone else in life, you know, you're just, you're trying,
you're taking the information you have trying to make the best decisions at the
time. Speaking to my dad,
it's like,
there's a wealth of knowledge Fort Knox and your trying to dislike,
pull little slivers out when you speak to him,
because he'll just say things casually, like yeah.
And everyone shuts the up. Like at dinner, you know,
you finally steal you'll know he's about to say something and then he'll say,
yeah, well that was, you know,
ag in the sixties was with a Frank Sinatra at that
place at the time. And oh yeah, we did. We met her in the thing and you go,
wait, what did you say? You were with Frank Sinatra? Like, wait, hold on.
Let's stop, stop. Like more and more, give us more. And then he'll,
he'll be on to something else. And you know, you can't get it out of him,
but it's like, it's, he's just lived this incredible life.
Incredible credible. So it's, you know, I'm trying to, right now,
I'm trying to just soak up every piece of knowledge I can
from him, listened to him, sit with him as much as possible.
So I know he's not gonna be around forever. And, and that's, that's terrifying,
you know, to think about, but it's um, it's like, oh man, this is,
I got to like spend every moment I can. Does he exercise? Yeah.
Super active. Um, obviously he's he's 91. So how old are you?
35. So he had you
[inaudible] late in life, but he had three kids after me. Whoa.
What's the youngest. The youngest is two
20. Has had some younger, younger wives. He has a 20 year old kid at 23.
Holy. Yeah. Shooting live rounds, like deep,
deep in his sixties machine gun rounds. Wow. That's crazy. Yeah.
That was that newscaster lady. Right? Was that her? It was, it was yeah. Yeah.
She is. She's great. Actually. She was great, but yeah, yeah, yeah. You know,
you had a few, few younger ladies around such a throwback. Yeah.
It really is. You know, and what's interesting though,
is like what people think about him.
They think they see this bigger than life character,
but he's so much more complex than what you see in the
movies he's in. He's, there's a lot of nuance. It's like humans, you know,
it's like, I'm sure all humans,
people would think about you just because of whatever. And they're like, oh,
well he's just the thing it's like, they don't know about your personal life.
They don't know about how you are with your kids, how you are, you know,
how you think, you know, esoterically about things. And you know,
when you're speaking to your wife,
like he's like much different than just that he's got a lot of shades and he's,
he's very, I think middle of the road, a lot of things, he,
he looks at issues and says, well, this is that. And this, that,
and maybe there's a middle ground. And I don't know, you know, well,
there's always this.
Urge to dismiss people. Any,
any person is if you have this reductionist perspective of who that person is.
And it's hard to just go to just be curious and
it's just to say, huh,
I abandoned all your preconceived notions and go, uh,
imagine, imagine being that guy, like imagine being Clint, Eastwood.
Yeah. I mean.
A lot of lives lived like a lot of lives.
Did you ever talk to him about what it was like to be the mayor of Carmel?
He was the mayor when I was, uh, when I was a young kid, I was, uh,
I know a few years old. Um,
I think he had his fill of politics. That was it because they asked him, they,
they, they were kind of like, well, you know, you've been the mayor now,
why don't you, you know, go for governor, you know? And he's like, nah,
this ain't for me, it was just a shot. Yeah. It was, you know,
I think it was good. It was what he did, what he did. But he, you know,
you can never please everybody everyone's, there's always someone off.
There's always some conflicting point of view. Always.
We talked to him about that time that he pretended Obama was sitting next to
him, was on the podium. And.
That was bizarre.
And it was it's like impromptu, you know, like he just like was winging it.
Because we got it. Yeah. It was doing a bit more crazy thing to do. Well,
you see if you do the same thing more or less.
Like, yeah. But I do it in comedy clubs. No.
Difference. Right. It's like, you go out, you practice material,
you're working material out. Right. It's like, you know,
there's, you're getting up in front of people doing something it's it's,
it's like, we call it different because it's like, oh, well that was that thing.
But.
I guarantee you Obama would not have said the things that he thought Obama would
have said Obama would have probably had some pretty nuanced perspectives
himself. Sure. You know, like it again,
same sort of thing that people wanted to do to him or want to do to other folks.
Like he was kind of doing it to Obama.
Look, maybe it didn't work out as material.
Yeah, no, I'm sure he didn't, but it's a, it was a bold choice. I was like, wow,
how bad-ass is Clint Eastwood? And Richard prior to that too,
if you go back and listen to Richard, Pryor's old cassettes. There's like,
there's some of them that are available from the red Fox comedy club.
And he could find them online.
But I bought them from a gas station one day in life. Then the nineties,
these cassette tapes. And they were all like him at red Fox's comedy club.
And it was just him. Like, you could hear drinks clinking,
you can hear things in the background, ice and.
And you could hear people talking.
And it was just like this small crowd where he was just around.
And that's where a lot of like his most brilliant bits came from.
Interesting. So it's similar to what your dad was doing, but different.
Hey, look, I don't, I don't pretend to speak for him. That's, you know.
That's the thing. He can do, whatever the he wants. He's Clint Eastwood,
you know, and you know what, I,
one of the things I love your dad did unforgiven because like he went
back and made like this. I mean, he did,
obviously he did all those great spaghetti westerns, all those amazing.
And they call them spaghetti westerns for people don't know because they live in
Italy, they just, right. Yeah. And it's um,
so he did all these American Western films,
but they were all done in Italy and they were all like,
people didn't think those are going to be like real successful at the time.
Right?
Yeah. He, he was coming off a show called raw hide if you remember that
[inaudible] um, and, and he was actually sick of doing westerns at the time.
Cause he was like been known for seven years and he got an offer to
do the spaghetti Western. I was like in Italy, he was like, I don't know,
you know, what should I do? It's like, I want to go to Italy. Never been there.
Okay. Pretty good.
And he goes out there and he works with Sergio Leoni and
crazy story. He comes back actually,
I think he might've done all three or he came back and did one and he
came back and people started talking about this movie,
but it was the movie he had done. He known was an Italian.
So it was like poor UNO, dollar poor, you know, dull style.
And so he was like, people are saying, you know, this is great movie out. It's,
you know, a fist full of dollars or it was. And uh,
he's like, oh, that's cool. I want to go check it out. No one, no, no, no, no.
He didn't even know.
He didn't know his movie that was catching fire
in America. And so he's like, oh, I got to check this movie,
his movie that it caught fire and it was overnight sensation. Um,
and then yeah, he just kinda just, I dunno, fell into doing those movies,
did a few of them. Um, and then he did his own.
Then he started directing and doing his own westerns,
but bringing it back to unforgiven. What's really,
I think most interesting about that film is that it is,
it's an amalgamation or it's,
it's the whole history of his westerns, but,
but really looking back as what would it be like to be an older man and having
regret, having things he did wrong, you know, looking back.
And so it's, it's kind of using the history that he had created and
talking about, you know, what it's like to look back at life and you know,
one last ride to do things different for his family.
So there was like a lot going into that movie. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, it was a, uh,
a much more sober and realistic depiction.
Of like a killer in the west. Yeah. You know,
we have the money being paid, you know, probably not that much money,
but like, Hey,
like we need this person dead and you're the mandate go do it. And it's like.
Also the D there was a much more realistic depiction of the way.
Some people react to the idea that they're about to be killed. Yeah.
They're going to have to kill someone or they're going to be in a gunfight where
they might, they might die. That's a great movie, man.
It was almost like a, he wanted in my,
the way I felt to me is like he had all these amazing westerns that he did.
But then there was, this one is like, eh, you know what, let me do a real one.
Like, let me go back and make this thing where.
He sat on that script for 10, almost 10 years. Wow. For a minute.
And I was like, this is amazing. I don't think I'm old enough yet. Oh,
wisdom. Wow. Yeah.
Wow. You know what else? I love high Plains drifter. Yup.
I watched that one every couple of years. That's.
A good one. That's a.
Great one.
I like outlaw Josey Wales.
Oh my God. Yeah. loved that. Loved that movie.
That's a great one. Yeah. That's a great one.
Was there's something about high Plains drifter. That's like a ghost movie.
You don't realize it. It is.
There's a supernatural element to it.
Yeah. What is happening here? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I forgot about that one. That's one of my favorites. Yeah.
Your dad made some God classics. And then he also made some comedies,
you know, every which way but loose. I mean, what a crazy career.
That's when I think they should remake.
With who? How about you maybe? Would you do it? That'd be weird.
Could you imagine though? Why not? You know?
Yeah. Big old Orangutang. I don't.
Want to around with rang tanks, bro.
You just it off for the wrong reason to rip your hair. Stuffs that up your.
They're dangerous.
So dangerous catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.